ESQL: Document `date` instead of `datetime` (#111985)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/esql/functions/kibana/docs/to_datetime.md

ROW string = ["1953-09-02T00:00:00.000Z", "1964-06-02T00:00:00.000Z", "1964-06-02 00:00:00"]
| EVAL datetime = TO_DATETIME(string)
```

> Note: Note that when converting from nanosecond resolution to millisecond resolution with this function, the nanosecond date istruncated, not rounded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Note that when converting from nanosecond resolution to millisecond resolution with this function, the nanosecond date is truncated, not rounded.
```

Author: Will fix!
